[Revolutionary Love]
Subtitles by DramaFever
I think I'm in love with Joon.
I think I've finally met my soulmate.
[Episode 2]
Joon.
How can this food be so delicious?
You know good food.
Do you want some more?
500 won for an extra
bowl of rice, okay?
- I'm in.
- Okay.
This place with my soulmate and
my one and only childhood friend.
This is my true paradise.
You look really surprised.
Did you lose something?
Ah, thank you for letting me
stay over yesterday, friend.
Would you like to eat with us?
Friend?
Why didn't you tell me
you were going up?
You disappeared suddenly,
so I was looking for you.
You two are still speaking
formally to each another?
Oh, Jae Hoon here isn't very outgoing.
You should put away your blankets if
I allowed you to stay the night.
Of course, my friend.
First, let me have some rice.
Please tidy it up right now.
Sure. I can do that, friend.
Hey, did your chairman's son
cause trouble again?
What is wrong with this guy?
What is it? Which one is it?
Hey, Kwon Jae Hoon. You're on TV now.
Oh, it's this one.
The airplane disturbance case has
caused a great deal of controversy.
Gangsu Group has yet to release
any official statement on the matter.
At this time,
no formal charges have been made.
People are lobbying
to have this case dismissed.
Lobbying to have the case dismissed?
Joon, the thing is...
I guess you'll be busy again taking
care this rich reckless troublemaker.
Reckless troublemaker?
Why am I?
If he was born with
a silver spoon in his mouth
he should be thankful and live quietly.
Where does he get off acting
high and mighty with money?
People like this need to be erased
from the world. They're just evil.
If this guy were in front
of me now... he'd be dead.
[Right here.]
Then there's you,
who makes money protecting him...
I'd like to call the stations
and give them a tip.
I'll hold myself back
because I'm very busy with work.
You can do it if you want.
- What?
- Don't hold back. Do what you want.
Troublemaker.
Troublemaker, troublemaker...
- Clean up your blankets.
- Troublemaker...
[Mom]
I'm in despair.
She called me a troublemaker.
Not just reckless, but a troublemaker.
How can she be so mistaken?
This won't do. I need to fix this.
I need to fix this terrible
misunderstanding between me and Joon.
I have made a decision, my friend.
- What decision?
- I'm going to go.
I'll fix this confusing misunderstanding.
Don't get involved, don't start trouble.
Go back to the hotel
and stay there, you got it?
No, I've finally met my destiny.
I can't let her think
I'm this reckless troublemaker.
I must prove to her
that I'm not an evil person.
[Gangsu Distribution: Byun Gang Ho]
As for our home shopping site...
we're being inundated
with negative comments.
Of course, sales have gone down
in our mart and department stores.
[Gangsu Foreign Franchise: Byun Geum Hee]
What's the point?
Everyone is already
talking about a boycott.
[Gangsu Food Director: Seol Ki Hwan]
If there is a boycott...
it will hurt Gangsu Food the most.
[Gangsu Food President & Group CEO:
Byun Gang Su]
How are the stock prices?
Of course, Gangsu Group's
stock has taken a hit.
Distribution, foreign franchise, and
food have all gone down.
We need to start focusing on morals
and family culture from now on, CEO.
Why bother talking in circles?
Brother.
Please discipline your son.
Why must we all suffer
because of your son?
President Byun Geum Hee,
this is a professional setting.
Please refrain from
inappropriate comments.
How dare you lecture your aunt?
Why don't you take better care of
your younger brother?
Don't act up with me.
Hey, hey. It's not the first time
Hyuk has caused trouble.
Also, you should cut it out, Geum.
How upset do you think
our older brother is?
How can I cut it out?
Our stock values have
plummeted overnight.
Hey, is it just you? Is it just you?
Who was whining all morning?
Hey! You don't even own that much.
What do you mean I don't own much?
I asked to meet to come up with a plan.
Did I ask to meet to have
an embarrassing family fight?
Our stock prices are dropping.
We'll need to come up with
some sort of countermeasure... a plan!
I have a plan.
He showed up.
- What?
- He showed up.
The airplane disturbance, the second son.
Plan? What plan?
What kind of plan could you have?
I'll turn myself in.
I'll turn myself in
and take my punishment.
I'll make everything
that went wrong, right again.
I'll explain the situation,
so that it doesn't hurt the company.
I will explain it all.
Please leave it to me.
Don't do it.
Excuse me?
I don't need you to turn
yourself in or anything.
Just don't do a thing.
But, Father...
Who are you to explain anything?
Who would believe anything you say?
Don't say a single word
and don't do anything!
Just do what I tell you to and
go shrivel up somewhere.
Still, I caused the problem
and I should fix...
You punk!
That's right. You did cause the problem.
The bigger problem is that it made
an issue for the whole company.
All because of you,
our company's image was damaged.
Do you know what kind
of loss that created?
It's unfair for me too.
Why, you little...
Unfair? What could be unfair for you?
You go around making trouble
without a single thought.
What's unfair for you?
You are the most useless punk.
You are a punk who doesn't
know how to do anything!
All wounds are similar to flowers
and the radiance of flowers.
The wounds that bleed...
give off the fragrance of flowers.
The heart of the person
pierced with the fragrance...
has a large wound.
From that wound,
there was a fragrance of flowers.
Die, you punk! Die!
You little rascal.
I ought to just...
CEO Byun!
Hide him away well.
Put a collar on him or put him in a box!
Make sure he can't get out.
Make sure no one can see him.
Goodness!
Oh, seriously.
My friend... Mon ami.
My friend.
Can you get up?
Ow.
Oh, this is nothing.
You know my father?
His fists have gotten much weaker.
Maybe that's why...
he's using his feet now.
Hello.
- Hello.
Good morning.
Did he go to help that rich troublemaker?
[Mom]
I told you to go to that hotel.
Why did you come here?
I wanted to prove that I wasn't
just a reckless troublemaker.
Chief Byun is doing what he can
to stop you from going to prison.
He wants to buy time as long as
he can and end it with probation.
Hyuk.
There's a car waiting for you in
the parking garage, so go to the hotel.
Don't get caught
by the reporters outside.
In the end...
am I someone who can't
do anything on my own?
Take this.
They might track
your phone, so turn it off.
Let's go.
Get out, get out, get out.
I told you to go!
Hurry up and get out!
I told you, it's good for hangovers.
You said it was good for stamina before.
It's good for stamina and hangovers.
I don't want it either way.
I'm busy so get out. Go, go!
If you don't want it, that's fine.
No need to be like this.
Don't be this way.
Just try it for one month.
I told you I don't want it.
Take it and get out!
You drank all the free ones
I gave you to try last week.
You enjoyed the free ones.
Do you take me for a fool?
Hey, Smoothie.
You forcefully gave them to me.
Now, you're trying strong-arm me?
- Section Chief.
- Seriously...
It's fine if you don't want it.
How could you throw it all on the ground?
These are for drinking.
Hey, Manager Kim! Call security.
Get this woman out of here now.
This is so annoying,
early in the morning.
Ah, don't let it get to you.
Don't let it get to you, Baek Joon.
Hey, Hyuk.
What do I with these?
Oh, thank you.
Oh, Hyuk!
How... what are you doing here?
Wait.
Hey... huh?
Oh...
Gosh, seriously... who are you?
Oh!
Yes, that's right. Oh... it's me.
How... how did you end up here?
You don't need to know that.
Why don't you just drink it?
How much could it cost in a month?
For a person trying to make a living
and smiling while doing it...
there's nothing
more important than health.
Yes, yes! Ah, yes.
If you really don't have
the money for it...
talk to your team manager,
Kwon, about it.
Yes, I understand.
I'm sorry, Section Chief.
Are you crazy? Let's go.
I'm sorry.
Joon!
Hey, you! You, you... hey.
[CEO's troublemaker son,
Byun Hyuk, is in the office.]
Please don't post things like this
online, Section Chief Gong.
The company atmosphere
is already quite hectic.
What are you doing?
We're trying to make sales,
not force them into it.
What do you mean force?
I was only trying to make him
understand as a human being.
It looked like you were pressuring him.
Anyway, that's not how you do sales.
Hey... what's wrong with your face?
- Did you get hit?
- Yeah.
Just a bit.
Tell me the truth.
Why did you come here?
The thing about that is, Joon...
To tell you the truth,
my father works here.
Where? Which department?
Not any department in particular,
but the entire company really.
- Is he a laborer?
- Huh?
Like janitorial or security?
- Security?
- Oh...
So, he works in security.
If you came to see your father,
why did you get hit like that?
Oh, because of what happened yesterday...
He got very angry because you got
fired from the hotel, right?
- Huh?
- I see.
It's not easy to get a job
like that these days.
From your father's point of view,
I'm sure he's disappointed.
How angry was he that he hit
his son's face like this?
Well... I'm always the son
who disappoints him.
Yes?
You should get back to the hotel.
All right.
I will.
I should get going.
Thanks, Joon.
- Hold on for now.
- What?
The police might come around.
It will be investigated
confidentially, so don't worry.
I've already talked it over with them.
By any chance... was this planned
by the prosecutor's office?
We would be in trouble
if this came out too.
Listen carefully.
Since the media knows about it,
we need to make it look good.
If the police find a case there,
it will have credibility.
It will depend, but there
could be an official investigation.
You have to make sure
that doesn't happen.
You have him, right?
Hide him well, so he doesn't get caught.
We can't control it if he shows up.
Gangsu Group is not
the problem. We will be dead.
That's why it's not us, kid.
Then I'll assume that's true
and get going.
In my experience...
these things are usually
from someone on the inside.
Enemies are usually someone close by.
Someone on the inside? What do you mean?
Do you still have that
original file that I gave you?
Of course, I put it in my safe
right after you gave it to me.
I'm certain about it so don't worry.
You should make sure that
that flight attendant stays quiet.
It will really be a pain if she starts
giving interviews, crying and so on.
I understand.
Where is Hyuk now anyway?
He's probably at the hotel.
That's the new place
they're building. You see it?
Today's the first day,
so they'll be carrying bricks.
There's lots to do.
- Don't worry. Let's go.
- Joon.
- Oh, you're here.
- Joon!
- Is this him?
- Yes.
This is my friend, Byun Hyuk.
He's going through a difficult time.
Please help him out.
Joon, I don't know about this...
He's a little soft. Will he be okay?
What do you mean soft? It's all muscle.
I know he's soft,
but he's got a lot of spirit.
Please teach him well, okay?
- Joon, must I do this?
- All right, since it's you asking.
Hey, get over here Byun.
What do you mean Byun?
Yeah, what is that? Byun?
Mister Byun, follow us.
- Byun...
- Joon!
You can make 90,000 won a day.
It's hard to find a job like this.
Don't complain, just learn the job.
See you later.
Joon!
Why are you standing there?
Go work to earn your meal.
Ma'am!
Hurry.
Hurry, hurry. Get going.
You need to put more in there.
Put more.
Get going.
All right. Let's go.
You... you want me to carry this?
Who else would do it?
What are you doing? Hurry up.
Okay. Go.
All right. Go!
Oh, oh. Wait.
All right. Let's go!
Mister Byun, hurry it up.
Ouch.
Hey, Byun. Get over here.
I can't do it.
What do you mean you can't?
Byun Hyuk!
Keep it up!
Stay strong! Woohoo!
Woo!
Ah... I think I'm going crazy.
Hello.
Where are you?
Are you at the hotel?
Jae Hoon, please save me.
- What are you talking about?
- This is hell.
I followed Joon and now I'm
trapped in a part-time job.
What? Who did you follow?
Why would you follow Joon?
Please, Jae Hoon. Please save me.
I'm scared and hungry.
You rascal.
Why are you hitting me?
Hello... hello?
He's not picking up.
This caller cannot take your call.
Hey, this is your life around here.
You can't just take it off like that.
Put it back on now.
Why are you doing this to me, Mister?
Why do you think?
I'm taking care of Joon's friend.
You fool around every chance you get.
Where's Joon?
Where do you think?
She's working hard.
Oh my goodness.
That enchanting figure.
Every movement filled with passion.
A natural grace waiting to explode.
Oh, Joon.
You are beautiful
no matter what you are doing.
Hey, hey, hey.
You're drooling.
Wipe your drool and follow me.
What are you doing?
Have you seen the news?
I came because of the video leak.
Are you...
suspicious of me right now?
You just saw me get off the plane.
I wasn't even in the country.
You could've given it to someone else.
You really are just too much.
I'm the victim.
You people didn't take care of it and
now you're coming to threaten the victim?
I hope you understand why I would
have to come talk to you.
I'm doing my best to forget it.
If you continue to come
looking for me regarding this...
I might forget about this settlement.
I hope I don't need to see
your face in the future.
Someone from the media might contact you.
Don't ever agree to an interview.
Keep this a secret from your co-workers
and the people around you.
If you break the contract,
we can breach this settlement, as well.
Goodbye.
Good job.
Good job, young man.
Good work.
You should put some
muscle-healing pads on him.
You're the one who suffered, Mister.
Yeah, I guess.
Hey, you're a young man.
You need more strength.
- Goodbye.
- Yeah.
Ta-da! Today's pay, 90,000 won.
10,000 won is for the lunch
you had earlier.
20,000 won is for the shovel
you broke today.
For the ramen yesterday, I'll give you
a discount since you suffered.
Breakfast was 4,500 won, and tomorrow's
breakfast will be 20,000 won.
Here. Good work.
40,000 won.
Just to earn this...
You don't need to call your dad?
He must feel bad
after hitting you like that.
I told you.
No news is good news
when it comes to me and my father.
I don't know what the issue is.
You should still be good
to him while he's around.
It'll be too late once he passes away.
What was your father like?
My dad?
He was a normal man.
He was kind and warm.
He was loving and sensitive.
So, my mom found him
a little bit frustrating.
He was the best dad to me.
If I think about it now...
I think he got hurt by the world
a lot because he had so much love.
- So, I...
- Wait, stop!
What is it?
You were about step on
the dandelion seed flower.
Wait.
Here we go.
Whenever I see the dandelion seeds,
I want to let them fly.
It's like a wounded soul
is flying free somewhere.
If they can find root
somewhere new and live there...
they can forget their past bad memories.
Oh, Jae Hoon.
Oh, my friend Jae Hoon.
I guess he's coming home from work.
What are you doing here?
You didn't go home?
Oh, the thing is...
He started working a job
with me today. 90,000 won a day.
Yes, 90,000 won a day.
So, that's why I want to ask...
can he stay with you
until he gets his own place?
Can I, Jae Hoon, my friend?
No, just go back to where you belong.
If you don't want to,
then he can stay at my place.
- Really?
- Are you crazy?
I can go sleep downstairs at my
friend's place on the third floor.
But, it'll be 15,000 won a night.
What do you think?
I'll pay for two nights.
Sounds good.
That's good.
Let's go, Joon.
Let's go!
What? I paid already.
What is your problem?
I'm going up to Joon's to sleep.
I paid 30,000 won.
Geez.
Be quiet. Shut your mouth
and and go to bed here.
Joon... Joon!
- Joon!
- Hey.
What? What? My 30,000 won.
My 30,000 won.
Joon.
Joon!
[Mom]
Oh my.
Oh, you scared me.
What is this? Ha Yeon Hee.
It's me.
Look at you just drinking
soju with no food.
You should've called if you were here.
It's not right of you
to drink without me.
I wouldn't do that.
This one is for our pretty Joon.
Thank you very much.
What is it? Something's wrong, huh?
Joon.
Have you seen the news?
Third generation rich guy,
airplane disturbance.
It can't be...
That flight attendant
whose face is blurred out.
That person is...
me.
What... what?
My friend.
You see this money here?
It's the first money I earned
shedding blood and tears.
I don't think I'll ever
be able to spend this.
My lucky 10,000 won.
I'll save it as a keepsake.
Go ahead and do that.
You won't ever have to do
hard labor to make money again.
Do you know?
Most people can't keep money
as a keepsake after earning it.
They need to eat when they're hungry
and they need shelter to rest in.
A life where income
and spending is equal.
Yes! Hell Joseon.
I feel like Neo,
who just took the red pill.
What are you saying?
The matrix I've been living in
has been shattered.
The woman who gave me the drug
showing me the truth is my destiny.
I really can't just go to sleep.
I need to go have a drink with Joon.
Can I buy some pork belly
with 10,000 won?
No. Just sleep.
Look here, friend.
99 percent of you
is a very excellent friend.
However, the one percent
bad part is so strong.
You're so stubborn and hard-headed.
Give it a rest and sleep.
Don't stop me, friend.
Just one drink, Joon.
Joon!
Hey, stop right there.
[Settlement - Kwon Jae Hoon]
You know, I really...
didn't want to sign
this kind of contract.
But, all the higher-up people
ended up settling.
They were all just
telling me to do as I was told.
You're telling me it was
this guy, Kwon Jae Hoon?
The thin guy who looks
like this, Kwon Jae Hoon?
Yes and it was fine up until there.
Then he showed up
today and threatened me.
He asked me if it I was
the one who leaked the video.
This jerk is trash!
Does that make sense?
Who would leak a video of herself
getting sexually harassed?
What kind of psycho would do that?
No one would do that.
I... I... will go and kill him.
Joon! Joon!
Joon!
Let's have a drink.
Hyuk, I...
You punk!
No, this is all a misunderstanding.
Why did you do that? Why there?
You!
You... you...
- You...
- What is it, Yeon Hee?
This is the guy.
Huh?
This is that jerk!
That reckless trouble-making
third generation son of Gangsu.
[Third generation son of Gangsu]
No! I'm not him.
Jae Hoon, tell her I'm not him.
You're not him? You're not?
You're not?
You're really that
third generation son of the Gangsu?
No, no. Joon, I'm not.
It is him.
It is him. I'm right.
It's all a misunderstanding,
Joon. It really is.
Shut your mouth,
you dandelion bastard jerk!
Oh my goodness!
Oh, Hyuk.
What is it?
Honey, our Hyuk...
In my dream, Hyuk...
It was just a crazy dream.
Go back to sleep.
This won't do.
I need to go to see my spiritual guide
and ask him to look after Hyuk.
I told you not to bring him up.
Kwon Jae Hoon.
Is this the son of that CEO you work for?
Joon.
Tell me now.
That's right.
Hyuk is that Byun Hyuk.
So, you two planned it to fool me.
We never planned it
or tried to fool you, Joon.
"Nice to meet you."
You used formal speech
to each other in front of me.
That's not planning?
Don't get upset. Calm down, Joon.
This all started from a small
misunderstanding.
It was when you thought
I was a hotel employee.
Right, you've been
lying to me since then.
You pretended to be a poor
hotel employee who got fired.
Yeah, did you have fun
playing me like that?
Did you have fun?
All I did was let him
sleep over when you brought him over.
What did you two say when we
watched the news together?
- That's because...
You were criticizing me
so much after watching the news.
Criticizing?
You said I was a reckless troublemaker
and evil that needed to be erased.
Well, aren't you?
I'm not that bad, Joon.
I'm not that reckless of a troublemaker.
You're all dead now.
I don't think I can stand by any longer.
Hey... what kind of people are you?
Yeon Hee, why don't you put this down?
Move.
Yes, you could hurt yourself.
Please calm down.
I'm already hurt!
Forget it.
Both of you, get on your knees.
- What?
Get on your knees and apologize.
I was wrong. I'm sorry.
Why should I?
I didn't do anything wrong,
so why should I?
We should save people's lives first.
The person who was wrong apologized.
All I did was write the settlement
on behalf of another person.
You just did what
you were told, is that it?
Yeon Hee!
You can keep this piece of paper.
You took the settlement money.
You can't act this way.
Hey! Hey!
Take all your money too.
I don't need any of it.
Take it back. Take it all back.
You bastards!
You should never have accepted it.
Why are you causing a fuss now?
Kwon Jae Hoon, shut your mouth now.
You punks. I'll call the police now.
- Joon.
- Do what you want.
- Jae Hoon.
- You'll have to be investigated too.
- Why?
- You'll have to explain why he was here.
I didn't know who he was.
You two lied to me.
That's not what I'll say.
I'll say you knew from the beginning,
hid him, and you're an accomplice.
That's all I need to say.
Wow, Kwon Jae Hoon. You're really petty.
He accidentally touched her
and she got 10 million won.
Why would I get on my knees?
Hey, are you done
talking now? Stop right there!
Jae Hoon!
Yeon Hee... Yeon Hee.
Are you okay? What do I do?
What should we do?
Should I carry her?
Get lost, you pervert!
Get out of here.
- Yeon Hee.
- Pervert?
Hey, friend.
No matter what...
weren't you going too far,
provoking Joon like that?
What if Joon still goes to the police?
It's okay if they take me in.
If I get arrested,
won't you be in trouble at work?
Even if there is trouble for me,
all they can do is discipline or fire me.
Jae Hoon, you don't mean that.
I do mean it.
All the trouble you cause, everything
you do wrong, even when you breathe...
I have to take
responsibility for all of it.
I am so sick and tired of it.
Now, I want to see what my life
would be like without you.
Jae Hoon.
I know I've put you through a lot.
Still, we have to stick together
through the hard times.
What am I supposed to do by myself?
Okay?
This is yours.
This is so absurd. It really is.
One is a pervert.
The other is a jerk
with no tears or blood.
Those are my friends?
Friends?
They aren't my friends.
Those bastards!
Joon.
I didn't mean to lie to you.
You said I was a reckless,
evil, troublemaker.
I lost my chance to tell you
who I really was. I'm really sorry.
Yes, I know it's all my fault.
I'll accept all the blame.
One thing I really want to correct
is that you think I'm a pervert.
You saw earlier that I
slipped on the soju bottle.
The airplane incident
was because of turbulence too.
How dare you give me your cheap excuses?
It's not an excuse. It's a fact.
If you want to apologize,
do it to Yeon Hee.
Until you do,
you'll forever be a pervert to me.
Until you forgive me...
I won't take one step out of here.
Do whatever you want.
Joon, what happened to that
radiant humanism of yours?
Joon.
Joon?
Joon!
Oh, it's cold.
Misunderstanding, yeah right!
[Joon! Designated Driver]
Joon, are you very busy?
Let's talk for a bit.
Why? What is it?
Do you happen to have any money?
Why all of a sudden?
Is someone sick this time or
did someone get in trouble?
If you threw away your daughter
and got married, then live well.
Why are you always asking
for money? Am I your husband?
My life is hard too. It's hard.
It's really hard for me too!
You worked so hard for Gangsu Group.
You devoted your entire youth to them.
They worked you day and night.
They fired you without even a warning?
Give it a rest.
I'm having a really hard time too.
How could they do that? How could they?
It's so unfair for you. How could they?
Don't you feel so wronged?
Hey, driver.
Yes.
Things must be so hard
for you lately, Woo Sung.
I heard your little brother is hiding
after the trouble he caused.
You must be worried, right?
I'm not worried.
It'll all be resolved tomorrow morning.
He's not going to turn himself in
to the prosecutors, is he?
Wow.
Then Gangsu Group would be yours, right?
Hey, watch your mouth.
Don't worry.
She's been with me for three years.
She knows better than anyone that she
can't work for me if she talks easily.
Right, Joon?
Yes, of course.
It's not that he's surrendering himself.
If it's not that, then what?
What is it?
I don't know. I'm tired.
I'm dying of curiosity. Just tell me.
What is it? Tell me.
It's cold. It's cold.
No, it's not cold.
It's not cold.
I will wait for Joon here.
I will wait.
I will show her that
my feelings are sincere.
I will show her.
No... no!
No!
Joon!
Get up.
No, I'm going to wait for Joon.
Stop it and get up.
What about Joon? Is she here?
Please go back to the hotel.
Please just go back.
No, I'm going to wait here
for Joon's judgment.
If you're going to be so stubborn,
then cut off your ties with me.
Jae Hoon, why would you say such a thing?
Aren't you going?
I'll go.
I told you.
No news is good news
when it comes to me and my father.
Honey, Honey!
Honey!
- Dad, Dad!
- Honey!
Honey, Honey!
Joon's Dad, Joon's Dad!
Dad, Dad!
Honey!
[Mom]
It's me, Mom.
Have two starting today.
Shouldn't you do that, at least,
considering what you did to me?
Otherwise, I might
really call the police.
Let go of me.
What are you planning to do?
You're not really going
to the police, are you?
Ah, I don't know.
How much will you
give me if I stay quiet?
I need some money quickly.
Are you going to be this way?
Because of that troublemaker
rich guy you work for
I lost my hotel job and
things aren't so good for me.
How much do you want to offer?
How much do you want to offer
for me to keep my mouth shut?
You should know there are many
other ways to do this.
Oh, you're coming on strong.
Why? Will you hurt me if I talk?
Hey, you're not even the victim.
She settled and accepted it.
Do you think you have
the right to act like this?
Social justice and
getting rid of corruption.
I'm thinking I should cut off this
corruption while I can.
I want to make this into a just country.
What do you think?
This is why people need
to walk a careful path.
If employment status is unstable,
society will always act up and complain.
That's the state you're in.
That's correct.
That's why I really
hate rich conglomerates.
It's really funny if you think about it.
Your chairman's son runs away and
society ends up with more power.
The reporters are all waiting
in front of the company today too.
Do you mean it?
- What?
- Money.
Do you really need it?
You're not on the same side.
What do you mean?
He's not going to turn himself in
to the prosecutors, is he?
It's not that he's surrendering himself.
If it's not that, then what?
What is it?
What do you think?
In my experience...
these things are usually
from someone on the inside.
Enemies are usually someone close by.
Where is Hyuk now?
Have you seen him before?
He's the second son of Gangsu Group's
Byun Gang Su, Byun Hyuk.
Do you know him?
Ah, oh...
We got a call that he caused a scene
here and got kicked out.
How could you kick out
a VIP guest like that?
If CEO Byun Gang Su finds out...
that his son was chased out in that
manner, what do you think will happen?
I... I'm sorry.
Our hotel has never kicked anyone out.
- You haven't?
- No. Never.
That kind of unfortunate event
has never happened in our hotel.
- Is that right?
- Of course.
Hello.
You know who I am now, right?
Yes, of course.
Hey, parking.
The police may go looking for him.
Hide him so he doesn't get caught.
We can't fix it if he shows up now.
Can I get a card for my room?
Oh, that's a cool uniform.
That's a great fit.
To his room!
Here you go.
Thank you.
Oops! Oh my, oh my.
I'm so sorry. What can I do?
- I'm sorry.
- This is nothing.
Don't be like that. Just take it off.
I can dry it for you.
It will only take 10 minutes.
Exactly 10 minutes.
I can't do that while I'm on duty.
Goodbye, then.
Excuse me.
Excuse me...
My sweet home.
My sweet home. My sweet home.
Home sweet home. Home sweet home.
This is nice.
Hey... what are you doing?
Keep the car waiting downstairs.
I'll bring him out.
We'll talk details later.
I can't believe things
are over with Joon.
Are you sad?
I'm sad too.
Is that Jae Hoon?
[My Friend, Jae Hoon]
- Yeah, Jae Hoon.
- Hurry up and open the door.
I'm here for your
dry cleaning. Are you inside?
Don't say a word.
Joon, what's going on? Why are you here?
Are you working here again?
- Get inside.
- Inside?
I don't have time to explain. Get inside.
The police are outside.
I think they know you're here.
Joon, you're here to help me?
So, you were worried
about me, weren't you?
No, I'm here because of money.
- Huh?
- What?
There's a girl?
To put it simply, Hyuk has the fortune
of the folk character, On Dal.
That's what I'm saying.
So, Hyuk needs to be with this
girl in order to become a great man.
She's already close to him,
a girl like Pyung Gang.
I think I'll charge five million won
to get you out. How about it?
No? I'll leave if you don't want to.
I'm in.
What?
I have a condition too though.
What's the condition?
Until I can go home...
will you stay by my side, Joon?
- What?
- Hey.
I have nowhere to go because
the police are following me.
I have to be on the run for now.
I think I'll be less scared
with you by my side.
What kind of crazy things
are you saying?
I'll pay you the average salary
of a Gangsu Group secretary.
You'll work from the time
you wake up until you go to sleep.
What do you think?
Hey, are you insane?
- Who are you...
- My work schedule...
will be 9:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.
- What?
- Okay.
No personal conversation
and no personal chores.
You are not allowed
to pretend we are friends.
Isn't that kind of harsh?
What? You don't like it?
- I'm in.
- Hey.
What are you two doing?
Hello? Hello?
- Hello?
- This is important. Can you be quiet?
What did you say?
Then is today our first day?
Yes, day one.
What? Day one?
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Revolutionary Love]
Even if I needed money...
What if I get arrested too?
I must be crazy.
Mister Byun. You're back.
The oldest son is normal.
It was always the second son
who was the problem.
I heard you were in charge of him.
Where is Byun Hyuk now?
What kind of person is like that?
He looks very elegant.
Is that Joon's boyfriend?
How much do you need?
Tell me. I'll lend it to you.
Forget it. Let's end it with this.
Let's go down our own paths now.
Why does everything I do
end up like this?